README.md, before:

houston-pm-topics-list
======================

Community maintained list of topics and speakers for Houston.pm meetings, but aimed to be generally useful for other Perl Monger groups.

If you add a topic that you would be willing to speak about or see another topic that you would be willing to speak about, please add your github username.

Available Speakers
=================

Please add your github id if you're generally available to give a talk about something.

   * estrabd
   * ... 

Active Topics List
==================

These are talks that are currently available.

| Talk Title                                         | Experience Level  | Description                |   |
|----------------------------------------------------|-------------------|----------------------------|---|
| Regular expressions (chapter from Mastering Perl)  | Intermediate+     | lookahead, @-, @+, /x      |   |
| Perl error handing ($!, $?, $@, $^E)               | Intermediate+     | when to use, PROPAGATE     |   |
| Introduction to blocks and closures                | Any               |                            |   |
| Top 10 "must see" YAPC Talks                       | Any               |                            |   | 
| Basic parsing from scratch                         | Any               | recursive descent, ll, lr  |   | 

Archived Topics List
====================

These are talks that have been retired due to having been given recently or deemed no longer interesting.

| Talk Title                                         | Experience Level  | Date Given   | By Whom  | URL                  |
|----------------------------------------------------|-------------------|--------------|----------|----------------------|
| Perl and Bioinformatics                            |                   | June 2014    |          | http://goo.gl/tkhonM |
| Indexing with Sphinx and Perl                      | Any               | May 2014     | estrabd  | http://goo.gl/FDGHSy | 
| Beginning Moose                                    |                   | April 2014   |          | http://goo.gl/4cvQUD |
| Introducing Erlang                                 |                   | March 2014   |          | http://goo.gl/vs7r1u |
| Pseudo-Random Number Generation - How it Works,... |                   | Feb 2014     |          | http://goo.gl/xco53e |
| Migrate ALL THE THINGS                             |                   | January 2014 |          | http://goo.gl/gzGUuV |

(listing talks from following URLs in progress)

   * http://houston.pm.org/talks/2013/talks/index.html
   * http://houston.pm.org/talks/2012/talks/index.html
   * http://houston.pm.org/talks/2011/talks/index.html
   * http://houston.pm.org/talks/2010/talks/index.html
   * http://houston.pm.org/talks/2009/talks/index.html
   * http://houston.pm.org/talks/2008/talks/index.html
   * http://houston.pm.org/talks/2007/talks/index.html
   * http://houston.pm.org/talks/2006/talks/index.html
   * http://houston.pm.org/talks/2005/talks/index.html
   * http://houston.pm.org/talks/2004/talks/index.html
   * http://houston.pm.org/talks/2003/talks/index.html

Commit message:

added more ideas, please add more so it's not so dominated with my half ideas

README.md, after:

houston-pm-topics-list
======================

Community maintained list of topics and speakers for Houston.pm meetings, but aimed to be generally useful for other Perl Monger groups.

If you add a topic that you would be willing to speak about or see another topic that you would be willing to speak about, please add your github username.

Available Speakers
=================

Please add your github id if you're generally available to give a talk about something.

   * estrabd
   * ... 

Active Topics List
==================

Current talk ideas - 

| Talk Title                                         | Experience Level  | Description                  |   |
|----------------------------------------------------|-------------------|------------------------------|---|
| Regular expressions (chapter from Mastering Perl)  | Intermediate+     | lookahead, @-, @+, /x        |   |
| Perl error handing ($!, $?, $@, $^E)               | Intermediate+     | when to use, PROPAGATE       |   |
| Introduction to blocks and closures                | Any               | fundamental things with {}   |   |
| Top 10 "must see" YAPC Talks of "all time"         | Any               |                              |   | 
| Basic parsing from scratch                         | Any               | recursive descent, ll, lr    |   | 
| Genetic algorithms in Perl - basic concepts        | Any               | basic fitness                |   |
| Dynamic programming concepts in Perl               | Intermediate+     | basic concepts, Perl e.g.    |   |
| Perl is not a language, it is liquid Unix^TM       | Any               | not sure yet                 |   |
| Interfacing Perl with? FFI, XS, Alien              | Intermediate+     | not sure yet                 |   | 
| Threading with Qore (follow to last Qore talk)     | Any               | not sure yet                 |   |
| Interfacing Perl with threaded libs (FFI?)         | Intermediate+     | needs research               |   |

Archived Topics List
====================

These are talks that have been retired due to having been given recently or deemed no longer interesting.

| Talk Title                                         | Experience Level  | Date Given   | By Whom  | URL                  |
|----------------------------------------------------|-------------------|--------------|----------|----------------------|
| Perl and Bioinformatics                            |                   | June 2014    |          | http://goo.gl/tkhonM |
| Indexing with Sphinx and Perl                      | Any               | May 2014     | estrabd  | http://goo.gl/FDGHSy | 
| Beginning Moose                                    |                   | April 2014   |          | http://goo.gl/4cvQUD |
| Introducing Erlang                                 |                   | March 2014   |          | http://goo.gl/vs7r1u |
| Pseudo-Random Number Generation - How it Works,... |                   | Feb 2014     |          | http://goo.gl/xco53e |
| Migrate ALL THE THINGS                             |                   | January 2014 |          | http://goo.gl/gzGUuV |

(listing talks from following URLs in progress)

   * http://houston.pm.org/talks/2013/talks/index.html
   * http://houston.pm.org/talks/2012/talks/index.html
   * http://houston.pm.org/talks/2011/talks/index.html
   * http://houston.pm.org/talks/2010/talks/index.html
   * http://houston.pm.org/talks/2009/talks/index.html
   * http://houston.pm.org/talks/2008/talks/index.html
   * http://houston.pm.org/talks/2007/talks/index.html
   * http://houston.pm.org/talks/2006/talks/index.html
   * http://houston.pm.org/talks/2005/talks/index.html
   * http://houston.pm.org/talks/2004/talks/index.html
   * http://houston.pm.org/talks/2003/talks/index.html
